Salesforce Database Design, Customization, and Migration (financial district)
EARN logo

ABOUT EARN
EARN is a nonprofit that gives low-income working families the power to create prosperity for generations.

As the nation's leading microsavings provider, EARN gives families the tools to build wealth and achieve life-changing goals such as saving for college, buying a first home, or starting a small business. Since 2001, we have helped tens of thousands of low-wage families through innovative financial products including matched savings accounts and checking accounts for the unbanked. EARN's ultimate vision is that millions of well-informed, low-wage American families will achieve financial success through proven strategies, fair public policy, and their own hard work.

ABOUT EARN'S CULTURE
EARN has a distinctive and robust culture rooted in our four core values: prosperity, dignity, innovation and scale. All of the work advanced at work starts with these four core values, and is driven by operating principles that define the way EARN employees interact with each other, our clients, and other stakeholders. EARN's operating principles accentuate resourcefulness, accountability, creativity and dynamism.

ABOUT YOU
You are well‐versed in database design and Salesforce customization. You excel at designing and implementing intuitive databases that store complex information for multi‐functional teams. You shine when it's time to translate that database it into a clean, easy‐to‐use front‐end experience that our staff and Savers will love. You excel at balancing attention to detail with timeliness. You are an excellent communicator, able to verbally and visually share your ideas. You know how to use those same communication skills to help bring the ideas of other team members into concrete and clear terms. You have lots of direct experience and excellent references on similar projects. You want to use your skills for good, and are particularly excited about helping us create prosperity for low‐wage families.

PROJECT DESCRIPTION
EARN is in the process of scaling its product offerings to serve greater numbers of families. To do this, we are leaving our current database and would like to migrate to an intuitive, easy‐to‐use Salesforce database. This database will include a highly customized front‐end experience for our staff, where information is easy to find and access. You'll be working with our staff, a group of motivated dogooders. 

We will also provide you with an established team of Salesforce expert programmers to implement the designs. We've got an ambitious completion date of September 1st, 2013, and you'll lead our efforts to drive us towards that goal. 

SCOPE OF WORK
Design a clean and intuitive Salesforce database that will store complex information and allow data to be accessed easily by our multi‐functional team
Lead the set‐up of customized objects, fields, and relationships to suit our teams' diverse needs
Select and lead set up for beneficial related applications that can be used on Salesforce
Oversee the migration of EARN's data to Salesforce from VistaShare, our existing provider
Utilize consistent and clear naming standards to ensure that data can be easily understood
Determine the extent to which Salesforce can be integrated with our other internal systems and implement integration whenever possible
Lead the implementation of dashboards and other reporting tools, many of which we have already developed, which will allow our staff members to easily and quickly gain access to valuable data

QUALIFICATIONS
5‐7 years professional experience with database design and implementation
Great references
A stellar portfolio
Experience setting up standard and custom objects, fields, relationships, and applications in Salesforce
Experience building clean and intuitive user interfaces
Experience with business intelligence and dashboards
Knowledge of Force.com supported languages, including SQL
Knowledge of VistaShare a plus
Experience working with financial products a plus

NEXT STEPS
Applicants should email a cover letter, resume, and three references with the subject line, "Salesforce Database Design, Customization, and Migration."

POSITION
This is a contract position, with the possibility to extend.

Please write "Salesforce Database Design, Customization, and Migration -- FirstName LastName" in the subject line. Applications without cover letters will not be considered.

EARN is an equal opportunity employer. 
Please visit www.earn.org to learn more about us.
